Rework the messaging section (#71)
LangStream/documentation: configuration-resources/messaging/pulsar.md

# Using Apache Pulsar

Configuration for a LangStream streaming instance.

### Configuration

> In order to connect to a Pulsar broken you must provide the following configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to a Pulsar broker, provide the following configuration:
```

- the Pulsar Servicer URL
- the Pulsar Admin URL
- the credentials to connect to the Pulsar Admin API
- a default tenant
- a default namespace

### Schema Registry

LangStream supports the Pulsar Schema Registry, you don't need to provide additional configuration.

### Examples

This is how it looks like a configuration for a Pulsar instance:

```yaml
    streamingCluster:
    type: "pulsar"
    configuration:
        admin:

>             serviceUrl: "pulsar://localhost:6650"

Reviewer 2: shouldn't be the opposite here?

Author: good catch
